Update gas.markdown (#24226)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/gas.markdown

![Photo of SlimmeLezer attached to a smart electricity meter](/images/docs/energy/slimmelezer.jpg)

> ## Project: AI-on-the-Edge

Reviewer: All titles above are descriptive of what it does (e.g., connect to your meter, connect using a P1 port), but this title seems out of bounds with that concept. Can we make it descriptive like the others?

Checkout [AI-on-the-Edge project](https://github.com/jomjol/AI-on-the-edge-device).

> It uses a ESP32-CAM module (about 10 €) to read analog and digital meters with AI and publishes the value via MQTT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses an ESP32-CAM module to read analog and digital meters with AI and publishes the value via MQTT.
```
